Cra/dm 4595/cra overhaul doc change (#3379)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cloud-remote-access/setting-up-cloud-remote-access-bundle/prerequisites.md

---
title: Prerequisites
weight: 10
layout: bundle
---

> To use Cloud Remote Access, you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
To use Cloud Remote Access, you need
```

* a Cloud Remote Access compatible gateway connected to your {{< product-c8y-iot >}} account.
* "Remote access" permission granted to the tenant user.

> * the Cloud Remote Access microservice included into your subscription plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the Cloud Remote Access microservice included into your subscription plan.
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}
```

### Set up your device

> To configure your device for compatibility with Cloud Remote Access functionality you need to install thin-edge.io. This solution is fully integrated with Cloud Remote Access and can be easily deployed on any Linux-based device, eliminating the need for any custom integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your device for compatibility with the Cloud Remote Access functionality, you must install thin-edge.io. The thin-edge.io solution is fully integrated with Cloud Remote Access and can be easily deployed on any Linux-based device, eliminating the need for any custom integration.
```

Author: ```suggestion
To configure your device for compatibility with the Cloud Remote Access functionality, you must install thin-edge.io. Thin-edge.io is fully integrated with Cloud Remote Access and can be easily deployed on any Linux-based device, eliminating the need for any custom integration.
```

> Furthermore, devices can report their supported protocols using SmartREST template 150 which offers two significant advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, devices can report their supported protocols using [SmartREST template 150](/smartrest/mqtt-static-templates/#150) which offers two significant advantages:
```

1. It prevents the display of unsupported protocols in the selection modal, streamlining the user experience and reducing potential confusion.
2. It enables administrators to restrict the use of potentially vulnerable protocols, such as Telnet, thereby enhancing the overall security of your deployment.

### User Authorization

The Cloud Remote Access feature is a powerful tool that requires careful management. Due to its potential for significant system impact, access should be restricted to experienced administrators 
who fully understand its capabilities and risks.

To grant access to qualified users:

> 1. Navigate to Administration → Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Accounts** > **Roles** in the Administration application.
```

> 2. Click "Add global role" in the top right corner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add global role** at the top right.
```
